README.md, before:

# get_fit
***
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/meredithajones/note_taking_app?logo=github)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/meredithajones/note_taking_app?color=green&logo=github&logoColor=green)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/meredithajones/note_taking_app?style=flat-square)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/meredithajones/note_taking_app)

![html badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![css badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%231572B6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![express.js badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge)
![node.js badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![heroku badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku%20-%23430098.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents

-[Introduction](#Introduction)

-[Technology](#Technologies)

-[Screenshots](#Screenshots)
   
-[Usage](#Usage)

-[Credits](#Credits)

-[Contact](#Contact)

-[License](#License) 


## Links

* [Deployed Link]()

## Introduction
 As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. I want to be able to log multiple exercises in a workout on a given day. I should also be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, I should be able to track my distance traveled.


## Usage 
In order to run the application, open the server.js file in integrated terminal, to install the dependencies:
`npm install express`
`npm install mongoose`
`npm install morgan`
Then run the command `node server.js` if the connection is successful, you will see the console log `App is listening on PORT` followed by the port number. 

### Screen Shots
![“”]()

![“”]()

![“"]()



## Technologies
<details>
<summary>Technology used to create application</summary>


* mongodb

* Express

* Nodejs

* 
* 
	

</details>


## Challenges
*   


## Credits

* [Stack Overflow general research](https://stackoverflow.com/) 
* [Mdn web docs general research](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
* [AskBCS bug fixes]
* [Mdn web docs general research](https://developer.mozilla.org/

## Author
 Meredith Jones

## Contact
 [@MeredithJones](https://github.com/meredithajones)

## License 
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

Updated readme with expanded user story and badges

README.md, after:

# get_fit
***
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/meredithajones/get_fit?logo=github)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/meredithajones/get_fit?color=green&logo=github&logoColor=green)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/meredithajones/note_taking_app?style=flat-square)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/meredithajones/get_fit)

![html badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
[mongodb badge] (https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![express.js badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge)
![node.js badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![heroku badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku%20-%23430098.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents

-[Introduction](#Introduction)

-[Technology](#Technologies)

-[Screenshots](#Screenshots)
   
-[Usage](#Usage)

-[Credits](#Credits)

-[Contact](#Contact)

-[License](#License) 


## Links

* [Deployed Link]()

## Introduction
 This is an application for a user who would like to be able to view create and track daily workouts. They are dedicated to exercise, and want to be able to log multiple unique exercises in a workout on a given day. With this app, they will be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. When engaging in cardio exercise such as running, walking or biking, the user is able to track the distance that they have traveled. 

## Usage 
In order to run the application, open the server.js file in integrated terminal, to install the dependencies:
* `npm install express`
* `npm install mongoose`
* `npm install morgan`

Then run the command `node server.js` if the connection is successful, you will see the console log `App is listening on PORT` followed by the port number. 

### Screen Shots
![“”]()

![“”]()

![“"]()



## Technologies
<details>
<summary>Technology used to create application</summary>


* mongodb

* Express

* Nodejs

* 
* 
	

</details>


## Challenges
*   


## Credits

* [Stack Overflow general research](https://stackoverflow.com/) 
* [Mdn web docs general research](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
* [AskBCS bug fixes]
* [Mdn web docs general research](https://developer.mozilla.org/

## Author
 Meredith Jones

## Contact
 [@MeredithJones](https://github.com/meredithajones)

## License 
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
